*: add SQL mode and config files, update slow query and charset (#1462)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/sql/character-set.md

The table character set and collation are used as the default values for column definitions if the column character set and collation are not specified in individual column definitions.

## String character sets and collation

Each character literal in a string has a character set and a collation. When you use a string, this option is available:

> ```sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
```

    SET collation_connection = @@collation_database;
    ```

## Optimization levels of character sets and collations

String => Column => Table => Database => Server => Cluster

## General rules on selecting character sets and collation

+ Rule 1: If you specify `CHARACTER SET charset_name` and `COLLATE collation_name`, then `CHARACTER SET charset_name` and `COLLATE collation_name` are used directly.
+ Rule 2: If you specify `CHARACTER SET charset_name` and do not specify `COLLATE collation_name`, then `CHARACTER SET charset_name` and the default comparison collation of `CHARACTER SET charset_name` are used.

> + Rule 3: If you specify neither `CHARACTER SET charset_name` nor `COLLATE collation_name`, the character set and collation of higher optimization level are used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Rule 3: If you specify neither `CHARACTER SET charset_name` nor `COLLATE collation_name`, the character set and collation with higher optimization levels are used.
```
